---
layout: post
title: "Week 6: More Evaluations"
---

This week, to be totally honest, I sadly missed Vicky's talk due to a confict. That being said, I have taken the time to read other's blog posts to learn about her talk.

In regards to project evaluations, I did my required evaluation on "Jupyter", which was very interesting. I have used Jupyter in a few classes at NYU, and am using Jupyter Hub currently in "Computer Vision". Jupyter's project is seemingly well run and fast-paced so I think that whoever ends up working on it will learn a lot. I don't think I would enjoy contributing to Jupyter myself, because to be completely honest I don't really enjoy Jupyter Hub or Jupyter Notebook, but I understand that I am in the minority there. For my second evaluation, I chose to do it on "Scikit-Learn", a popular Python machine learning librrary. I was introduced to scikit through a few of my previous classes (mostly natural language processing) and have used their support vector machine implementations in some side projects of mine. When Joanna heard that I would be doing my evaluation of Scikit she shared the previous negative experiences a few students have had trying to contribute, so I now have mixed feelings about it. Overall, I think that there is a wide array of projects that have been evaluated by myself and by my classmates and I will end up contributing to something interesting. Also, I am interested to see the very wide range of interests within the class - spanning both technically (languages and types of projects) to the actual usages (astronomy to video game development), our cslass seems to house a very diverse set of computer scientists.