---
layout: post
title: "Week 5: Project Evaluations"
---

I enjoyed the exercise of project evaluation we completed in class; I am completely new to the concept of open-source, and the very specific guidelines for evaluation helped me. I learned that there is a lot more that goes into project selection than simply if you are interested in the project and you know the coding language well. I think that I would be ready to select a project that I am interested in, yet none of the onese we looked at in class seem super interesting to me. As a computer science student I have always gravitated towards machine learning and fintech, and felt that none of the projects we evaluated fit my parameters very well. That being said, I now feel that I am ready to correctly evaluate open-source projects in more detail. One of the NLP open-source projects I utilize frequently is "NLTK" and after evaluating it with the guidelines we learned in class it seems like it would be a good project for me to contribute to this semseter.

The invited speaker from Bloomberg was intriguing. I didn't necessarily learn much in the first 45 mins of his talk when he was simply describing the enterprise software pipeline Bloomberg uses, but the last 30 minutes of the talk taught me a lot about open-source projects being used in a corporate enviornment. Not only does Bloomberg use open-source, they also develop and contribute to it, which is a fact that surprised me. Knowing that they contribute to open-source projects was a completely new concept to me, and changed that way in which I think about corporations and open-source.

I have made 5 contributions, all Open Street Map and Wikipedia. At this point, I haven't had as much time as I would hope to make larger contributions (such as pushing code) but feel that my work so far will benefit the map community and the Wikipedia community.