---
layout: post
title: "Week 10: Team Standups"
---

The team standups were impressive. Some of the groups seemed to still be figuring things out (how to get in contact with the community, which issue to work on, etc.) and some groups have made impressive progress including making some pull requests for small changes. One thing that is notable is the diversity among projects. Although some open-source projects have two teams working on them, most teams have projects in vastly different areas of computer science. Tecnhnically, there is an extremely broad range of languages and technologies being used. I would love to keep doing these stand-ups, and am interested in what each team is working on accomplishing throughout the rest of the semseter. Also, a great part about these standups is that it increased my recongnition to many open-source projects that I otherwise would not have heard of. 

My team, working on GatsbyJS, has made good progress and we are hoping to have our first pull request done by next week. Instead of tackling a very complex issue to start off, we decided that we wanted to get a smaller issue pushed first. The issue that we have claimed has to do with an API reference call with too large of a body, so we need to throw the appropriate error. Both of my teammembers have more experience in JS than me, but I hope to keep getting better at the language.

Wikipedia has been an integral facet to the open-source community. Not only did it prove that the free contributions business model can work, it defied many doubts within the computer science community. 